remove worker-au from deployment create/update commands (#1980)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-create.md

astro deployment create
```

:::tip

> To create a deployment with a custom worker queue use a deployment file and the `--deployment-file` flag. See [Deployments as Code documentation](manage-deployments-as-code.md) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worker queue configurations, including worker type, can be set only by using the `--deployment-file` flag to apply a Deployment file. You cannot use the `astro deployment create` command without that flag to set these configurations. See [Manage Deployments as code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
```

> :::tip
> 
> To create a deployment with a custom worker queue use a deployment file and the `--deployment-file` flag. See [Deployments as Code documentation](manage-deployments-as-code.md) for more information
> 
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some Deployment configurations can be set only by using the `--deployment-file` flag to apply a Deployment file. See [Manage Deployments as code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
```
